feat: adds support for user-less rules in sections with default owners (#213)
sverweij/virtual-code-owners: README.md

- valid user/team names start with an `@` or are an e-mail address
- valid rules have a file pattern and at least one user/team name
  (unless they're in a _section_ that has default owners `[sales related] @ch/sales`
  in which case the rule inherits the default owners of that section)
- valid sections headings comply with the syntax described over at [GitLab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/codeowners/reference.html#sections)
  > different from GitLab's syntax the line `[bla @group` is not interpreted
  > as a rule, but as an erroneous section heading. This behaviour might change
  > to be the same as GitLab's in future releases without a major version bump.

> ### Does virtual-code-owners support GitLab style section headings?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Does virtual-code-owners support GitLab style sections?
```

It keeps editors and IDE's from messing up your formatting.

Various editors assume an ALL_CAPS file name with `#` characters on various lines
to be markdown, and will auto format them as such. Usually such autoformatting is
not present on text files.

> Often these editors know about CODEOWNERS, so _those_ they won't confuse to be
> markdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often these editors know about CODEOWNERS, so they won't confuse _those_ with
markdown.
```

who want to have clear code ownership can either:

- Wrestle the bureaucracy.  
  Recommended! It will often require patience though, and in the mean time
  you might want to have some clarity on code ownership.
- Maintain a CODEOWNERS file with code assigned to large lists of individuals.  

>   We found this laborious to maintain, even for smaller projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  That's a lotta work, even for smaller projects
```
